README.md, before:

hubot-plusplus
==============

Give (or take away) points from people and things, all from the comfort of your
personal Hubot.

Note: don't make changes here; make changes to [the official repository](https://github.com/hubot-scripts/hubot-plusplus) instead.

API
---

* `thing++` - add a point to `thing`
* `++` - add a point to the most previously voted-on thing
* `thing++ for stuff` - keep track of why you gave thing points
* `thing--` - remove a point from `thing`
* `--` - remove a point from the most previously voted-on thing
* `thing-- for stuff` - keep track of why you removed thing points
* `hubot erase thing` - erase thing from scoreboard (permanently deletes thing from memory)
* `hubot erase thing for reason` erase given reason from thing's score board (does not deduct from total score)
* `hubot top 10` - show the top 10, with a graph of points
* `hubot score thing` - check the score for and reasons for `thing`

Uses Hubot brain. Also exposes the following events, should you wish to hook
into it to do things like print out funny gifs for point streaks:

```coffeescript
robot.emit "plus-one", {
  name: 'Jack'
  direction: '++' # (or --)
  room: 'chatRoomAlpha'
  reason: 'being awesome'
}
```

## Installation

Run the following command 

    $ npm install hubot-plusplus

Then to make sure the dependencies are installed:

    $ npm install

To enable the script, add a `hubot-plusplus` entry to the `external-scripts.json`
file (you may need to create this file).

    ["hubot-plusplus"]

Commit message:

attempting to make scores room specific

README.md, after:

hubot-plusplus
==============

This fork is to add a few pieces of functionality which are useful for how my team is using hubot on hipchat

Give (or take away) points from people and things, all from the comfort of your
personal Hubot.

API
---

* `thing++` - add a point to `thing`
* `++` - add a point to the most previously voted-on thing
* `thing++ for stuff` - keep track of why you gave thing points
* `thing--` - remove a point from `thing`
* `--` - remove a point from the most previously voted-on thing
* `thing-- for stuff` - keep track of why you removed thing points
* `hubot erase thing` - erase thing from scoreboard (permanently deletes thing from memory)
* `hubot erase thing for reason` erase given reason from thing's score board (does not deduct from total score)
* `hubot top 10` - show the top 10, with a graph of points
* `hubot score thing` - check the score for and reasons for `thing`

Uses Hubot brain. Also exposes the following events, should you wish to hook
into it to do things like print out funny gifs for point streaks:

```coffeescript
robot.emit "plus-one", {
  name: 'Jack'
  direction: '++' # (or --)
  room: 'chatRoomAlpha'
  reason: 'being awesome'
}
```

## Installation

Run the following command 

    $ npm install hubot-plusplus

Then to make sure the dependencies are installed:

    $ npm install

To enable the script, add a `hubot-plusplus` entry to the `external-scripts.json`
file (you may need to create this file).

    ["hubot-plusplus"]
